welcome everyone to this week's Stellar
developer meeting today I have a very
busy guest who fortunately made the the
time to to come here today it's  Andre
time to to come here today it's Andre
from  ramp me Daddy and I'm going to
from ramp me Daddy and I'm going to
let him on the stage as
well hello Andre hi garon thanks thanks
for having me great to be here hi
everyone yeah great to have you here
you've been very busy  I Met You in
you've been very busy I Met You in
San Francisco on Monday and it seems
like   a lot of things are going on
like a lot of things are going on
but can you maybe just start by
introducing yourself and your team and
and what you're working on yeah yeah
absolutely happy to  my name is Andre
absolutely happy to my name is Andre
I'm the co-founder CEO of rant Maddy
rant M Daddy was born at at a consensus
hackathon hosted by EA guys amazing
amazing time amazing it's it was a lot
of fun  and and we rode that  wave
of fun and and we rode that wave
of fun for the past whatever seven
months at this point that has turned
into a real company that's  seeing
into a real company that's seeing
real traction we're getting a lot of
positive feedback  we so R me Daddy
positive feedback we so R me Daddy
right now is a telegram digital wallet
designed for Global Payments and for
mcoin trading  mcoins have been
mcoin trading mcoins have been
super hot and  on on you know on
super hot and on on you know on
and and more more chains are picking it
up so we're super excited about that
ultimately the goal is to be
multi-chain  wallet for for mem coins
multi-chain wallet for for mem coins
but when it comes to payments  I mean
but when it comes to payments I mean
that's that's something that we started
rent
Maddy at the core of sending Global
Payments and we want to make it as easy
as sending a text message and Stellar
has been extremely helpful with that
great so so how far along are you in the
process I know you've been working hard
on it for for quite some time but what
is the status today how how far along
are you yeah no  it's so today
are you yeah no it's so today
actually this call I'm doing out of
the Draper
University  building facility  we
University building facility we
are just wrapping up our Draper
University  accelerator so we did a
University accelerator so we did a
three-week pre accelerator back in
August  that was amazing time very had
August that was amazing time very had
a had a very impact on what we're
building  got to meet a lot of amazing
building got to meet a lot of amazing
people well actually I think that's
that's when  we met for the first time
that's when we met for the first time
and actually got to work together
we but we were also able to meet denell
we were able to pitch to Tim Draper we
were able to accomplish a lot of things
in just three weeks  after that I
in just three weeks after that I
think we you know we we showed our
strength we got  people interested in
strength we got people interested in
what we're building and  Draper
what we're building and Draper
University and Stell invited us back to
the official accelerator that's not 3
weeks it's 12 weeks and  we have been
weeks it's 12 weeks and we have been
just crushing it here with with with
with a team of 10 other companies
building Innovative products  and the
building Innovative products and the
idea the reason that we decided to go
with telegram in the first place is
because telegram has a billion users
worldwide and  a lot of these users
worldwide and a lot of these users
are in U you know there's a lot in
United States but there there there's
users from everywhere in the world I
think there's a number of groups where
that I'm an active participant in with
people from I think we we did some
calculations and it's about 40 countries
so I think it's amazing that you know
telegram brings it all together and
we figured well let's let's see how we
can facilitate payments inside that and
but before but before we get into
payments obviously we need to be able to
on-ramp  onchain so at the hackathon
on-ramp onchain so at the hackathon
we buildt the on- ramping solution and
we kind of have iterated a number of
I don't want to say pivot because
pivot usually to me see sounds like it
you were doing something now you're
doing something else I think we just re
refined and reiterated in our idea to to
hit both I mean I it's  to hit both
hit both I mean I it's to hit both
functionality and revenue  and those
functionality and revenue and those
are two
important pieces of any business and I
think we  I think we're finally at a
think we I think we're finally at a
point where they're they're put together
and it it makes
sense okay  we were trying to get
sense okay we were trying to get
to get a screen share going did you get
it to work yeah let's  I I think so
it to work yeah let's I I think so
it would be fun to see see it in action
yeah so I guess let me start with  the
yeah so I guess let me start with the
so rent me Daddy  is a telegram wallet
so rent me Daddy is a telegram wallet
that we're still building  I I would
that we're still building I I would
say  I think our CTO will  be not
say I think our CTO will be not
super happy with me but  I I'll say
super happy with me but I I'll say
maybe four to six weeks is left
but so so we're going to roll it out but
I think there's a big strategy to how
you roll things out  because you can
you roll things out because you can
spend all of this time  and then roll
spend all of this time and then roll
out a product and then start driving
traffic to that product  when it's
traffic to that product when it's
live we decided to take a different
approach we decided to roll out a teaser
game inside telegram  it's a very
game inside telegram it's a very
simple game  you just guess if the
simple game you just guess if the
Bitcoin price is going to go up or down
you tap on it and then 5 seconds later
it tells you if you're  if you won or
it tells you if you're if you won or
lost if you won you get 10 points if you
lost you get Five Points deducted so
that's  that's the game in a nutshell
that's that's the game in a nutshell
we have been seeing a lot of traction a
lot of positive feedback on that game
and  it's amazing to see how just
and it's amazing to see how just
walking around Draper University I would
be passing by someone and I see someone
sitting on the couch tapping playing the
game so that's  that's the idea we
game so that's that's the idea we
were able to secure a couple of
Partnerships with other telegram games
that have  communities of millions of
that have communities of millions of
people I think between the all of the
partners that we have right now there's
50 million people in the community for
those games and we have a very strategic
partnership where  they will drive
partnership where they will drive
traffic to our game and  that will
traffic to our game and that will
that will engage players with our game
and we get to tap into the $50 million
Community sorry 50 million people
community in those games so  that's
community in those games so that's
and then after the players are happy and
they're excited with with a game they're
familiar with a brand then we'll start
promoting the wallet to the to these
clients and  kind of it's it we expect
clients and kind of it's it we expect
it to be a much simpler conversion to to
get people to use the wallet  so it's
get people to use the wallet so it's
there's a strategy for the game it might
seem like okay well what what does the
game have to do with that but we put a
lot of thought into it and did a lot of
research and the client feedback to
before we built it so  but yeah happy
before we built it so but yeah happy
to share I just wanted to give some
background so people are not confused
about  what's going on here  so let
about what's going on here so let
me try to share my telegram window so if
you go to are you able to sh see my
telegram window yeah awesome
so  let's see so if you go at rentme
so let's see so if you go at rentme
daddy bot  and you type type this in
daddy bot and you type type this in
rentme daddy bot  you can click Start
rentme daddy bot you can click Start
and you can hit launch  we launch the
and you can hit launch we launch the
game and are you able to see the
game  no I don't see the game oh man
game no I don't see the game oh man
it's probably because it's a window
that's shared not the screen yeah let
me okay let me let me try to showare the
this screen so but you saw how we hit
the yeah the launch button the launch
button let's see so when after you hit
the launch button
the full screen let's see I wonder if
this is going to work it's not going to
look as good as it looks on
the  okay let's see
the okay let's see
are you able to see the game now y we
see the game okay sweet so I mean
obviously it looks a lot more organized
on the screen because it's just the
screen size but  you can see the
screen size but you can see the
Bitcoin price changing here and then I
would guess that it's going up  5sec
would guess that it's going up 5sec
passes
by  a loss that's that's why I don't
by a loss that's that's why I don't
do a lot of  day-to-day trading but
do a lot of day-to-day trading but
keep going keep trying and
win so and this is this is basically it
in the nutshell what we found  to be
in the nutshell what we found to be
very exciting for people is the
leaderboard  and funny enough  we
leaderboard and funny enough we
have a rot I hope I'm saying it right
with his Stellar  logo which is
with his Stellar logo which is
super super exciting  and what's even
super super exciting and what's even
more exciting is that there's two people
who play this game more than I do and I
feel like I refer so many people to this
game   but you know we have
game but you know we have
mounder Trevor Trevor Hoffman he he
shows it a lot sends it to a lot of
people but  these two guys have
people but these two guys have
absolutely crushed it and it's amazing
to see this support from these people
so you get you get 10 points for
guessing the price right you get  Five
guessing the price right you get Five
Points deducted for guessing it wrong
and you can also invite friends so this
is a very important feature for for us
for the future of the  product
for the future of the product
development for the wallet itself
we allow you to earn points every time
you refer  a friend and if you click
you refer a friend and if you click
invite friends it allows you to it gives
you a customized link that you can share
with your friends  but other than that
with your friends but other than that
this is  this is  the game it's not
this is this is the game it's not
a crazy amount of  stuff that has
a crazy amount of stuff that has
been  that has that that that has been
been that has that that that has been
built but it is an engaging fun game
that has been  allowing us to attract
that has been allowing us to attract
clients and U talk to clients to get
their feedback and see what they want in
the market I I think it's personally I
think it's a brilliant idea it's a great
way to to get some people excited get
get some awareness around what you're
building and and and your brand and and
something that's that I've always
noticed H I'm actually surprised you're
not wearing your ramp me Daddy cap today
you got the T-shirt because you guys are
always promoting your business always
i' I've so I've personally experienced
it like Monday when we had the event in
s Francisco there was Ramy daddy napkins
there was Ry daddy water bottles there
was every everywhere and and  and when
was every everywhere and and and when
when you guys  said that it was it was
when you guys said that it was it was
time to get go out and get changed for
the event I I was thinking okay maybe
these maybe they going to show up in
suits today but no it was t-shirts with
Ry Daddy all over it and yeah know it's
I mean I think it's worth mentioning
talking about the Geo yeah and the idea
I even heard a story from one of the
other participants from from dreu
there was something about that  you
there was something about that you
guys went out to eat at a restaurant and
I guess they were out on napkins or
something and then out of your bag you
pull napkins with ram daddy QR code and
logos on it yeah yeah yeah we we we
tried to get creative  with with The
tried to get creative with with The
Branding I think
there is I mean I I think when it
comes to branding it's a very it could
be a very expensive and and  resource
be a very expensive and and resource
consuming  really bottomless bit of of
consuming really bottomless bit of of
just branding and marketing money that
you can put in and we know that
firsthand from you know our previous
company that we were at itust amazing
brand the strongest brand and it's very
important for itust was doing crypto
IRAs  but unfortunately don't have the
IRAs but unfortunately don't have the
budget of  itust Capital right  so
budget of itust Capital right so
we have been trying to come up with the
creative strategies to  to do brand
creative strategies to to do brand
awareness without  spending a lot of
awareness without spending a lot of
money on it and I think that's that's a
strong
that that that that has to be present
for a found founder to be  successful
for a found founder to be successful
to scale a retail facing product  so
to scale a retail facing product so
yeah I completely agree and and some
I've sometimes have discussions with
with other  Founders in in the crypto
with other Founders in in the crypto
blockchain space and sometimes they have
a difficult time onboarding non- crypto
people or non- crypto users and I think
by introducing the game first and by
creating some awareness some curiosity
around your brand I think is a great way
to onboard  people who are maybe not
to onboard people who are maybe not
super much into crypto or meme coins and
get them excited about it and and I
think  I think that's that's something
think I think that's that's something
that that I think is really going to be
interesting to follow you guys and see
see your gain some tracks and get those
people that may not be super familiar
with having to co coins or tokens or
nfts  make it more like an everyday
nfts make it more like an everyday
thing I think I think you're doing a
great job with that  so yeah it'll be
great job with that so yeah it'll be
interesting to follow  we only have a
interesting to follow we only have a
few minutes left but I'm super curious
about what does your timeline look like
when it comes to the wallet and and be
able to toh to have to use meme coins so
the timeline for the wallet is  we're
the timeline for the wallet is we're
we're I am personally hoping for about
six weeks
and I you know so far I think we've been
very strong on delivering everything
that we that we promise on time  so
that we that we promise on time so
we're trying to stick to that
history in traction  but we but we
history in traction but we but we
have been there's there's no shortage of
stuff to  to do while the product is
stuff to to do while the product is
not out and I think establishing strong
presence in brand is definitely one of
those things which is what we've been
working on very hard  as far as as far
working on very hard as far as as far
as the wallet and the mem coins we we
are going to launch in in the in the
next six weeks with a with with a set of
with most likely with a closed beta
for for some of the users to give us
feedback  and  we've been yeah we've
feedback and we've been yeah we've
been we've been moving towards that
that's super
exciting Okay I  I think that's all we
exciting Okay I I think that's all we
have time for today but I would love to
do a followup when  when you hit the
do a followup when when you hit the
maybe when you hit test net or hit the
main net  maybe do a followup and and
main net maybe do a followup and and
see how it looks like  but so far it's
see how it looks like but so far it's
been super exciting to to follow follow
your journey and yeah see see the hustle
you do to to get people excited about it
I think that's that's  something a lot
I think that's that's something a lot
of startups can learn a lot from so so
thank you so much for joining today
absolutely thank thank you very much and
our goal is to drive adoption for
crypto and blockchain which is which is
extremely hard to do if you have to
worry about all the seat phrases all of
the all of these Crypton native things
and as you know I want people I already
got my mom pretty involved in crypto she
has crypto in her Ira she has crypto
wallets she does all of that  my my
wallets she does all of that my my
next goal is to get my grandma involved
and  she is she's gonna be a client of
and she is she's gonna be a client of
a customer of rant me Daddy and
she'll be trading memes H so that's
that's that's the goal and that's what
we're working towards that's amazing
okay thank you so much for joining today
and I'm looking forward to doing a
followup  when  when you have more
followup when when you have more
to share I think that could be
interesting to do awk thank you so much
for joining thanks for having me thank
you bye
bye that was all we had time for for
today for the regular Stella developer
meeting  in about five minutes we'll
meeting in about five minutes we'll
shift over to Discord where we have
we have a protocol discussion today and
both this  this meeting and the the
both this this meeting and the the
protocol discussion meeting  will be
protocol discussion meeting will be
available as  as a recording  later
available as as a recording later
so thank you for joining
everyone bye